Add description about the auto-created configmap kube-root-ca.crt (#12963)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-pod-configmap.md

{{% capture discussion %}}

> ## Auto-created ConfigMaps

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Automatically created ConfigMaps
```

> If BoundServiceAccountTokenVolume was enabled(requires v1.13 or later), kube-controller-manager would create ConfigMap `kube-root-ca.crt` in each namespace.

Reviewer: This might suit a [`feature-state` shortcode](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/#feature-state). If not, though, I think there should be whitespace before the “(” symbol.

Reviewer: How about this (fragment):
```markdown
… kube-controller-manager will create a ConfigMap named `kube-root-ca.crt` in each namespace.
```

```shell
kubectl get cm

> NAME               DATA   AGE

Reviewer: According to the style guide, we should [separate commands from a sample of their output](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#separate-commands-from-output).

Does that make sense here?

{{% capture discussion %}}

## Automatically Created ConfigMaps

{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.13" state="stable" >}}

If BoundServiceAccountTokenVolume was enabled, kube-controller-manager would create a ConfigMap named `kube-root-ca.crt` in each namespace.

Verify that the `kube-root-ca.crt` ConfigMap exists in `default` Namespace:

```shell
kubectl get cm -n default
```

The output is similar to this:

> ```shell 

Reviewer: This shouldn't use `shell` as it's not code that `bash` etc could run.

Author: Yeah, but we need this to outstanding the output.

NAME               DATA   AGE
kube-root-ca.crt   1      6m44s
```

> This ConfigMap is created for storing ca.crt data, container would use that certificate to access api-server. You could observe it like:

Reviewer: I wonder if it makes sense to explain this more verbosely? I'm not exactly sure what wording to propose, something like:
```suggestion
This ConfigMap stores the CA certificate for the Kubernetes cluster PKI. You could use this when a pod needs to access the apiserver: configure a container in that pod that to uses the `kube-root-ca.crt` ConfigMap, and then the app running inside the container uses that root certificate to verify the identity of the apiserver. You could observe it like this:
```
perhaps?

Author: I don't think we should do like this. Since this configmap would be injected  into container automatically.

```shell
kubectl describe pod foo-pod
```

The output would contain something like this:

> ```shell

Reviewer: This shouldn't use `shell` as it's not code that `bash` etc could run.
